Allow target_chunksize to be passed to reader when loading in CASA datasets (#705)
radio-astro-tools/spectral-cube: docs/dask.rst

This can also be beneficial if you are using multiprocessing or multithreading to carry out calculations,
because zarr works nicely with disk access from different threads and processes.

Reading in CASA data and default chunk size
-------------------------------------------

CASA datasets are typically stored on disk with very small chunks - if we mapped these directly to

> dask array chunks, this would be very inefficient as the dask tree would then contain in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dask array chunks, this would be very inefficient as the [dask task graph](https://docs.dask.org/en/latest/graphs.html) would then contain in some cases
```
for consistent naming with the dask docs + easy reference
